[The locales, characters, agencies, and incidents
in this drama have no relevance to real life.]
[My Perfect Stranger]
[6: Lies After Lies After Lies]
[Episode 6]
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki
By chance, do you know
what time it is right now?
Then, do you know...
what it feels like waiting for someone who
went out to see the murderer alone at night?
You said you'd see his face, but
you've been gone for over three hours!
Wow, what is this?
I thought maybe you got hurt
like last time while following him.
Are you hurt?
No.
It's not like I can call the
police or go out myself!
I can't even make a phone
call in this damn year of 1987!
I thought I was going crazy!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did the man with the blue cap show up?
Yes.
Who was it?
[Three hours earlier]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Your father.
Baek Hee Seop.
This is nuts.
[10:17 p.m.]
May 14th, 1987.
Two days before the
first murder takes place,
the person who met the victim,
Lee Joo Young, was her dad?
No, it can't be. If the one with
the blue cap really is the suspect,
then it means he killed
her mom and his own wife.
And then, me.
I can't overthink it.
I have to think calmly and level-headedly.
Let me get this straight.
According to how things were, Lee
Joo Young arrived seven minutes earlier.
If it was how things should have been,
I was planning to go to
the cafe after school tonight.
I wanted to drink coffee by
myself and finish reading my book.
I really didn't have any
plans to meet anyone.
But she ran into someone
she wasn't planning to meet.
The guy with the blue cap. Baek Hee Seop.
Whatever the reason may be, an
argument started between the two.
There was someone who saw
the incident at the same time.
Bong Bong Cafe's owner...
Where did she go?
Hi, there!
There were other people.
- Oh, you came.
- Sorry, sorry.
I heard a crazy rumor,
which is why I'm a little late.
You know how the whole school flipped out
this morning because of that student teacher?
Do you know why?
Turns out...
she's a commie!
Don't you watch the news?
The college students' crazy demonstrations!
Even that weird song she
sang at the picnic last time
is the kind of song they
sing in places like that.
She was probably trying
to brainwash us, too.
Isn't that so creepy?
- Yeah, it's creepy.
- Right?
Wow, it's really mind-boggling.
Even my mom and dad were saying...
How can a friend do something like this?
How did you know?
I wondered why I never smelled
anything whenever you took a dump.
Yoo Beom Ryong! Are you done yet?
Y-Yeah!
It's a bigger load today.
Hey, I don't know what's happening,
but there's a commotion at school.
There are a bunch of cops
looking for the student teacher.
- Who are they looking for?
- The student teacher.
Oh, geez. That guy.
That punk didn't even
flush. That dirty guy!
[Let's use the school bathroom
as if you were at home.]
That belongs to the student teacher, right?
Did you steal it?
Are you going to tell?
What?
About this...
Are you going to tell anyone?
So did you do this knowing it was wrong?
Stealing from someone and
hiding it in the bathroom corner...
Hey, if Soon Ae found out
you do this kind of thing...
Soon Ae?
How do you know my girlfriend's name?
So what if I do!
Have you thought about
how hurt she will be?
You shouldn't do anything
shameful to the person you like.
That's the basic rule for guys.
[Bong Bong Cafe] [Jekwang Electronics]
Wait! Wait a minute!
Hee Seop!
Wait! Wait!
All right. All right.
I'll return it to her.
I'll personally apologize and say that
I did something stupid out of curiosity.
I'll return it to her.
So, give it to me.
I mean it!
Just as you said, to the girl I like, and more
than anything, to you, the friend I like...
I don't want to do anything shameful.
All right, I'll keep it a secret.
I said I won't tell anyone.
I'll pretend I didn't see anything.
So you better keep your promise.
Thank you, my partner.
Hee Seop!
Yeah.
Hello.
You're friends with our Hee Seop?
What's wrong?
[Bong Bong Cafe] [Jekwang Electronics]
Yoo Beom Ryong is the one
who stole Lee Joo Young's ring.
The blue cap who ran away from the
bridge that night was Baek Hee Seop.
At the time, Baek Hee Seop had a companion.
But Yoo Beom Ryong went in
the same direction as the victim.
Lee Joo Young's route...
[10:31 p.m.]
[Ilshin Photography
[Eunah Beauty]
[Arcade]
[Grilled Fish and Sake] [Arcade] [Motel]
[Motel]
I said hurry up!
Are you joking with me right now?
Go Min Soo?
It really was unfair.
I wasn't even in Woojeong
Village on the day of the incident.
At the time, I was staying at a
boarding school in the countryside.
My mom sent me there
to focus on my studies.
It was deep in the mountains
where they didn't even have phones.
Do you want to die? Yeah?
Why is Go Min Soo...
Come on! If I ask you to give it to me,
you should quickly hand it over.
You talk too much, bitch.
Huh?
Is this your money? Huh?
You stole this from Mom's wallet anyway.
Isn't that right?
Mi Sook.
Pathetic loser.
Mom kicked you out in the end.
What's with the bravado?
Shit!
Are you okay?
Geez, seriously!
Damn it!
Hey! Ow, it hurts!
My arm, my arm! My arm, arm!
I regret saving trash
like you in the future!
What should I do with you?
This is all because of you, asshole!
- Because of you!
- Are you all right?
Go to the nearest public
phone and report it to the police.
That place isn't that trustworthy, but
we need to at least keep a damn record.
I'll make sure he gets charged for
his crime this time, no matter what.
Go Mi Sook. Think very carefully.
I don't want to...
report this.
I got my money back anyway.
He'll return to the boarding
school after blowing off some steam.
That's enough.
If we have to deal with his troubles again,
my mom will kill me.
So...
I'd like to keep this between us.
[Arcade]
[Motel Woojeong]
They're all driving me
crazy, going around all over.
Lee Joo Young's movement tonight.
One of the people in that vicinity has the
highest probability of being the culprit.
But all three suspects were there tonight.
All right, I'll keep it a secret.
I said I wouldn't tell anyone.
[Bathroom]
All right.
I'll return it. I'll
apologize and I'll return it.
I'll stay away from this neighborhood.
That's good, right?
[Direct]
Everyone there is telling their own lies.
Why?
Exactly why?
[TV, Radio]
Why aren't you saying anything?
The one with the blue cap.
He's the one who might have
killed my mom. You saw him, right?
Who was it? Was it someone we knew?
I couldn't check.
I lost him like last time.
It's my fault. I'm sorry.
You're lying.
You said you didn't get hurt, but you did.
- It must hurt every time your shirt...
- Oh, yeah.
It's nothing.
How is Lee Joo Young?
She seems a little nervous,
but she's doing all right.
She's worried that the police
may catch on and follow her here.
Then that'll get us in trouble, too.
Don't worry.
No one will be able to come here tonight.
Yoon Young.
Yoon Young!
If you're going to
whisper, then don't knock.
If you're going to knock,
then don't whisper.
Shouldn't you decide on one strategy?
I'm sorry at this late
hour. Is Yoon Young here?
Yoon Young! Are you all right?
Me? Why?
I heard everything from my dad!
That there was a terrible incident
involving a knife at the terminal.
You must have been very scared.
Oh, it's nothing.
What do you mean, "nothing"?
By any chance, are you planning to have
Yoon Young sleep in the same place as the
student teacher tonight?
What?
Oh, no.
Then shall I have her sleep
at my place? Just one night?
Y-Yes. T-That would be good.
Oh, I didn't think of that.
You can go.
No, it's all right. There was
just some misunderstanding.
Just take a break.
Use that excuse.
You said you came straight
here after she passed away.
Even just for one night,
stay by your mom's side.
This is a good opportunity.
♫ The loneliness below
countless stars on a chilly night ♫
♫ No matter who I say it is, they
would not understand this feeling ♫
♫ To you again ♫
Is my room a little messy?
I try to keep it clean.
But my mom scolds and slaps my back first.
She even threatens to throw
things out while I'm not here.
Whoa. My mom was exactly the same way.
Right?
I don't know why all moms are like that.
Even if I had a daughter one
day, I would never do that to her.
I'll go wash up. Make yourself comfortable.
Okay, go wash up.
♫ If you could tell me in
some way that you love me ♫
♫ If you could ♫
No, it can't be. There's no
way he would hide it from me.
Who are you calling...
at this time of night?
I heard you were nervous all day?
I'm checking the barricade.
[Woojeong Restaurant]
Why do you even need to check?
I'm losing my mind here!
Geez.
Yes, everyone is gathered here.
- Director Yoon.
- Wait a minute.
What are you doing here? It's your turn.
All right, all right.
Okay, wait just a bit.
- Let's go, let's go.
- Applause! Applause!
Director Yoon is singing! Big applause!
No, no, no. I'll pass on singing.
For those working hard for our crime-free
village and peaceful Woojeong Village,
the happiness of our
policemen is all we need!
Applause!
As I mentioned, as our town's
leader, tonight's dinner is on me!
So, no one should think
about going home tonight.
- Eat and drink as much as you want, okay?
- Yes, yes!
Here's to the happiness and
prosperity of the Woojeong Village police!
- Cheers!
Cook some more meat on the grill, and
give them more drinks over there.
How did you do that?
There's no way the principal wouldn't know about
the student teacher with a criminal record.
He just wanted to help me.
I'm just letting the person
who started this wrap it up.
You don't need to be concerned.
Yes, as we discussed earlier, could
you hold them there until early morning?
- Have one more!
- Here, take it.
Hey, sit down!
Can't you tell we're taking care of the
repercussions for turning the school upside down?
Move.
Hey, the chief says he's too
embarrassed to face Director Yoon.
Honestly, you didn't even
have a clear charge against her.
Tell me. Didn't you just want
to arrest a protester from Seoul
and improve your image?
Captain, you're the one who
said it was a sin to look suspicious.
You also said we could create a charge once
we capture and beat the crap out of them.
So who needs to clean up his image?
You punk, how dare you?
- Let go!
- Are you crazy?
I have to go pick up the kids. Okay?
- Oh, man.
- Hey!
What's going on here right now!
Just when I'm about to relieve my anger...
Captain, are you going to be like this?
I'm sorry.
Dong Shik.
Yes.
Why? Yong Woo and
Yong Soon are not at home?
Well, my wife went to her parent's
place to care for her father, so
she left the kids at the persimmon
tree house down the street.
Oh, I see.
That punk, Baek Dong Shik.
He brought all the cops
to our school today, and
turned the school upside
down. It's all his fault.
We don't know when and
how he will make a move.
Geez, I thought it was
something more serious!
Do you know what time it is right now?
You can just have them
sleep there. No big deal.
Sit down. You sit down, too.
Sit, sit.
Oh, the kids will like that.
- Their grandson is around your kids' age, right?
- Yes.
- Right?
I'll call the lady of the persimmon
tree house, too, so don't worry.
Don't even think about moving
until the sun comes up. Okay? Here.
- I'm sorry for the trouble, Director!
- No, no.
Let's show our singing
talents to Director Yoon!
Yes!
One, two, three, four!
Is something on your mind?
You can't seem to fall asleep.
You're up?
Just...
I keep thinking.
What?
What are you thinking about
so much that you can't sleep?
Baek Hee Seop.
What? Already?
Hey! You said you already have a boyfriend!
I'm trash.
What should I do?
Oh, my head hurts.
I can't take a break even for one night.
Hey.
You haven't even known
Baek Hee Seop for that long.
You don't even know
what kind of person he is!
That's why I asked him.
That night at Bong Bong.
But what is it about me that you like?
You don't even know me well.
You just transferred, and you don't
even know what kind of person I am.
Why would I not know?
I could tell what kind of person
you were the moment I first saw you.
What kind of person am I?
Frighteningly pretty.
And also... you possess
your own poetic world.
The first time I met you,
you were in that small ticket booth
with your favorite music on the radio.
You were writing something down that
you didn't even know I was standing there.
You were completely immersed
in your own poetic world.
You didn't even know how pretty you looked.
Or how bright you made
that tiny little place look.
And as if you had no care in the world,
you were smiling to yourself.
I've never seen...
anyone cool like that before.
His face was shining so bright.
♫ Susan, my heart longs to see you ♫
The way he was talking to me,
the expression on his face
when he was telling me that,
even his shaky voice,
all of it.
♫ And come back to me ♫
The never-ending moment.
[Small Door]
[Twenty-fifth Letter]
Hey Y, do you know?
Some moments are endless.
His shimmering words from that
day repeatedly played in my mind.
Get out!
If you are like this, just go take
care of her for the rest of your life!
No matter what kind of
darkness comes into my life,
if I can just hold onto
those glimmering words,
I felt like I wouldn't fear anything.
The boy who recognized
my world at first sight.
What was his world like?
I'm becoming more curious about that.
The guy who appeared
in all my mom's novels was
Baek Hee Seop.
What?
Are you sleeping?
What do I do?
Baek Hee Seop.
I came because I have something
to return to the student teacher.
Well, right now, I just...
I'm taking a walk?
One of the actual suspects, the
blue cap who was behind the veil.
Even matching all the movements, and
currently the one most likely the culprit.
But why would the person
returning the stolen ring try to kill her?
Something doesn't make sense.
Am I hoping things don't make sense?
[Motel Entrance]
[Motel Woojeong]
I packed all my essentials, Mr. Yoon.
- Let's go, then.
- Yes.
How did I meet such a dangerous neighbor?
You should be safe
once you leave this town,
but just in case, call me as soon
as you arrive at your friend's house.
- My phone number is...
- I know.
You told me the day I arrived here.
- Right.
- Yes.
I know it doesn't make any sense, but
you seem like someone who came
on purpose to save me, Mr. Yoon.
As though you were waiting,
knowing I would be here.
It seems like you were thinking for
a long time about how to rescue me.
How could that be?
Right?
I know that couldn't be true,
but you helped me out like that.
Thank you.
If it weren't for you, Mr. Yoon,
I don't know where I would be right now.
I'm truly grateful to you.
[Bus Station and Village Office]
Here.
Don't lose it.
Live a long, healthy life
until you're a grandma.
You, too, Mr. Yoon.
Oh, it's coming.
[Direct]
Have a safe trip.
The buses are already running?
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey! Hey!
Hey! Here!
You!
You, punk!
You! Shit!
You asshole.
I saw you under the bridge that
day, daring to signal to the police
secretly to help the protester.
I thought you were just
an oblivious teacher, but
now I see you were on the same team.
Is that right?
How much did you drink?
What team are you talking
about? I was just passing by.
Is that so? We'll find out the
details when we dig deeper.
Let's talk at the police station.
Why are you taking a
perfectly normal person?
Shut up and follow me, you punk!
Oh, my goodness! What do we do?
Oh, Noonim!
What happened? Is there a fire?
They said there's a huge fire
at the persimmon tree house!
- W-Where?
- Gosh!
That persimmon tree house where
the grandma lives with her grandson!
Gosh, I hope they're okay. What to do...
The fire incident on the 15th.
There weren't any casualties, though.
My kids are there in that house.
What are you talking about? There
should only be two people there.
I should have picked them up last night.
But I couldn't pick them up...
Oh, no!
Oh no! What do we do? What do we do?
What should we do? What to do, Dong Shik?
Yong Soon!
Oh, no! What do we do?
Yong Woo! Yong Soon!
Yong Woo!
- Here, here!
- Over here!
Yong Soon!
Yong Soon! Are you all right?
Yong Soon! Yong Soon!
Yong Soon, Daddy's sorry!
Ma'am, where are the other children?
I don't know.
I thought I brought my
grandson out with me, but...
- Oh no!
- Oh, my gosh!
- It's going to collapse!
Yong Woo!
- Yong Woo!
- Yong Woo! Yong Woo!
Could you please hold them
there until early morning?
Especially Baek Dong Shik.
He brought over all the
police to our school today, and
turned the school upside
down. It's all his fault.
I should have picked them up last night.
But I couldn't pick them up...
Yong Woo!
Ow, it's hot!
- Dong Shik, he's in here!
- Yong Woo!
Where?
Quickly move this! Hurry!
Yong Woo! Yong Woo!
Yong Woo! Yong Woo, wake up!
Oh, Yong Woo!
Yong Woo! Yong Woo!
Yong Woo, are you
all right? I'm so sorry...
- Goodness!
- Thank goodness!
- What a relief!
- Oh, my goodness!
That was amazing...
- You should get home.
- Really, what a relief!
Brother!
- Uncle!
- Take your teacher to the hospital.
Pardon?
Your watch is damaged, too!
Let's hurry to the hospital.
What are you doing? I said let's go!
[For a fire, call 119]
What I did to help Lee
Joo Young leave safely
became another variable.
And that variable
created another situation.
In exchange for saving the
person who was meant to die,
I almost killed the people who
were supposed to stay alive.
[Virture and Benevolence]
Did Lee Joo Young leave okay...
Did something happen?
Oh, it's nothing.
Did you have a good time with your mom?
Yes.
What are you doing with that?
I think I can figure it out.
- What do you mean?
- The one with the blue cap.
This might have an answer.
A novel isn't a report.
Just because it was based on real events
doesn't mean she would write their real names.
I didn't think Go Mi Sook's novel
mentioned anything about a blue cap.
But then, there was a
similar character in her story.
A man with blue hair.
All this time I thought the "blue head"
in this story was talking about blue hair.
Ow!
What happened, exactly?
Do I need to tell you everything?
Do I need to share every
single thing that happens here?
Do you do that?
Were we even close enough to do that?
You know, don't you?
The one with the blue cap.
You're not even curious to find out.
You found out who it is.
You didn't lose him at the cafe last night.
You have no reason to tell me, but you don't
have reasons to hide it from me, either. Why?
- Why, exactly?
- I'll tell you since you seem to be mistaken.
Think carefully.
Do you think I'm here putting all in to
chase criminals just to chase news?
Because I feel sorry
for the victims who died?
The world is full of such tragedies.
I don't have the time to go
around rescuing all those people!
Then, what's your reason?
I'm a victim, also. I'm the fifth victim.
Because they never caught the suspect here,
I was going to die like your mom.
That's why I'm here to save my life.
Everything that happened
in this town in 1987!
I came here with all the data from newspapers,
news broadcasts, and even police reports!
But because of one little variable,
now everything might change!
Just thinking about that, I
feel like my head will explode.
But you know what?
Do you know who the
biggest variable is here?
Is that why you sent me
to my mom's last night?
Because I shouldn't be
curious about such variables,
and don't interfere with anything.
Just take a break...
and stay out of your way.
I'm sorry, but I can't do that.
As long as I'm here, I can't
sit here like an idiot and wait.
If you don't want me to know, that's fine.
I'll find out on my own.
[Virture and Benevolence]
I feel so uncomfortable here.
What if Beom Ryong cries
and tries to hold onto me?
He said I'm the only
one for him in this world.
What are you doing?
Hey, Baek Yoon Young.
The afternoon when the body of
the first woman was discovered,
several suspicious scenes
occurred in the town.
The man with the blue hair stood
between the sun and the moon.
The man with the glasses didn't come
out of the third stall for a long while.
The man who lost his memory didn't
realize he was lying under the bridge.
Since today is the day they would've
discovered Lee Joo Young dead,
this will take place this afternoon.
If the blue-haired man really
means the blue cap, then...
what would be between the sun and the moon?
I don't know.
What is this?
It's scary.
Just go see Yoo Beom Ryong.
It's something you should
experience at least once.
All right.
But don't hang out with anyone
who writes that kind of story.
I don't like it.
How do you know I didn't write it?
Are you an idiot?
If you wrote it, you'd know what it means.
Whoever wrote it would know.
Since they chose each word carefully.
I'll be back.
There's no way she would know
what was written 30 years later.
Hae Joon!
Hey, Hae Joon!
[May 20th]
[May 16th, First murder]
I heard the Korean
language teacher got hurt...
Let me know if you need any help.
I like what you've done so far.
So, you liked what happened to Go Min Soo.
A man stood between the
sun and the moon vacantly.
If there's a sentence like that,
what could "between the sun and moon" mean?
How would I know?
I shouldn't have asked.
Isn't that the name of the record store?
[Jekwang Electronics]
[Sun and Moon Records]
[Sun and Moon]
[Records, Cassettes, Recordings,
Guitar Lessons, Latest Pop Songs]
[Sun and Moon Records]
Do you know what time it is right now?
Then, do you know what it feels like
waiting for someone who skipped school?
I can't even make phone
calls in this damn year of 1987.
I'm sorry.
I knew I had to tell you, but I decided
on my own and kept it to myself.
But that's not why I sent
you to her house last night.
I know.
The one with the blue cap is your...
I know that, too.
I saw him myself.
I think I understand
why you kept it from me.
Because he's my family.
He's just one of the suspects.
I did hate him, but...
I didn't ever think he
was that kind of person.
He's someone my dad thinks of dearly.
Even more than us.
What did you say?
Excuse me?
Who are you talking about right now?
Weren't you talking about
the one with the blue cap?
Yes, that's right.
So why would Baek Hee
Seop think so dearly of himself...
Are you saying the one
with the blue cap is my dad?
Who did you see, then?
[Sun and Moon Records]
[Disk]
I saw my uncle, my dad's older brother.
Baek Yoo Seop.
Baek Yoo Seop wasn't
even a suspect at the time.
And he wasn't even in
the vicinity last night...
Now it makes sense.
[Epilogue]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
[10:17 p.m.]
Brother!
What are you doing here?
It's not even the weekend.
I was supposed to meet someone
but looks like they didn't come. You?
I'm just meeting someone.
- Shall we go inside and talk?
- No, it's stuffy in there.
If you won't be long, I'll wait in front.
Oh, really?
That would be great!
Wow, it looks cool, Brother.
Here.
Let's see.
Looking good!
It suits me, right?
- Don't take too long!
- Okay, Brother.
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki
♫ I found the meaning of life ♫
♫ Come to me, darling ♫
♫ If there's anything you
want, I'll give it all to you ♫
♫ If you have any doubts,
just rest your worries ♫
♫ I'll lead you only down the flower path ♫
[My Perfect Stranger]
There's nothing here about Baek Yoo Seop.
Not one piece of info on
him is in all these documents.
No one knows Baek
Yoo Seop better than I do.
I'll fill you in on everything
you need to know about him.
If Baek Yoo Seop really is the
culprit, we will see him tomorrow.
Since he will have to
kill the second victim.
Where and what do you think he's doing?
- We looked everywhere...
- No, it can't be yet.
Hello.
♫ I hope it becomes a fateful moment ♫